iOS SDK Advertising ID documentation update (#698)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/webhooks.mdx

| **Cloud mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |

<div class="infoBlock">
To know more about the difference between cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</a> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that your platform supports sending events to webhooks, perform the steps below:

1. Choose a source to which you would like to add your webhook endpoint as a destination.
2. Select the destination as **Webhook** to your source. Give your destination a name and then click on **Next**.

> - Next, in the **Connection Settings** page, enter the relevant connection information and click on **Next**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Next, in the **Connection Settings** page, enter the relevant connection information and click on **Continue**.
```
```suggestion
- Next, in the **Connection Settings** page, enter the relevant connection information and click on **Next**
```

}
```

> ### Dynamically appending to endpoint URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dynamically appending to endpoint URL
```
```suggestion
### Dynamically appending to endpoint URL
```

endpoint: 'https://www.google.com/search?q=cats'
```

## FAQ

### How do I check for any event delivery failures?

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com).

> 2. Verify that you are sending the events in the **Live Events** tab of your source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Verify if your events are sent using the **Live Events** tab of your source.
```
```suggestion
2. Verify that you are sending the events in the **Live Events** tab of your source.
```
